1. How are you? I'm great thank you, how are you?

2. Why do you want to work here? 

Don't say, I went to your website and I really like your mission and values. Boring, everyone says that and says nothing about me.

Flip it to what I'm going to do for them e.g. I've our outgrown my current role and I'm looking for a new challenge. And based on what I've seen about team's goals, I know I can help you solve problem X.

Stop treating interviews like auditions hoping to be chosen. Treat them like a meeting between two parties who have something to offer

3. Where do you see yourself in 5 years?

Meaning: 1. Are your going to leave in 6 months and
2. Are your goals aligned with this role, or are you going to get bored and become a problem?

I see myself here. I see myself becoming an expert in this area and a valuable part of this team. This role aligns with where I want to go because...(connect to something specific and the job).

4. Why are you looking for a new opportunity (while employed)?

Don't say hate boss, company toxic, micro-managed, underpaid, undervalued. Don't trash company.

I've learned a lot in my current role and now I'm ready for a new challenge. Done.

5. How do you feel about your current manager?

Don't criticise manager style, or anything negative 

My manager has been great at providing structure for our team's goals. I've learned a lot about process from him. And as I've grown, I've become more proactive in anticipating next steps, and I'm excited about the possibility of bringing that proactive energy to a new team.

6. What are your hobbies?

Something memorable, signals curiosity, patience, willingness to figure things out and has a life outside work.

Not listing activities but painting a picture of who I am when I'm not at work. And the picture should make someone think, "huh, that's interesting, I'd want to get coffee with that person."

Reading, hiking, learning a new language, building something, mentoring, playing in sports league.

7. Your job title and description? 

If doing work above pay grade, claim it.

8. Do you have any questions for us? Never say no. At least two ready.

Why is this position open? Tells me if someone got promoted, quit or was fired.

What does success look like in the first 90 days? This I'm already thinking about how to deliver.

Don't ask holiday days, remote work flexibility. Best questions make the interviewer think.

You mentioned the team is growing. Could you describe the dynamic between this role and the team if collaborates with most closely?

Based on our the conversion today, what would you say is the most immediate challenge the person in this role would need to tackle in their first month?



